### 3VD

a) For the game 3VD there is a Weakly Dominant Strategy Equilibrium. Even if there is  not a Dominant Strategy for any player, there can be a Weakly Dominant Strategy Equilibrium. In this case a Weakly Dominant Strategy Equilibrium is (V, V, V). If one player changes their action and the other players keep theirs, they would all have a worse outcome. No one wants to deviate from this strategy. This would be the best strategy for all the players, but not the best strategy for a single player.   

b) The strategy (V, A, V) is not a Nash Equilibrium for the game 3VD. Nash Equilibrium happens when all the players involved reached their best possible action, even if they are aware of the other players’ strategy, and they don’t wish to change their move. In this case, if P1 changes from (V, A, V) to (A, A, V), he gets a better outcome. Instead of getting (6, 7, 6) with (V, A, V), he gets (9, 9, 5) with (A, A, V). Therefore, (V, A, V) is not a Nash Equilibrium. At least one player would get a better outcome by changing his action.  

c) For the game 3VD there are two strategies that are in Nash Equilibrium. (V, V, V) and (V, A, A) or its equivalents (A, V, A) and (A, A, V). In these cases, none of the players would want to change their strategy. Changing their strategy implies getting a worse outcome. If P1 changes from (V, V, V) to (A, V, V), the outcome would change from (8, 8, 8) to (7, 6, 6). Therefore, none of the players would change their strategy. In the other case, if P1 changes from (V, A, A) to (A, A, A), the outcome would change from (5, 9, 9) to (0, 0, 0). Therefore, none of the players would like to change their strategy.  

d) A rational player in the game of 3VD would choose to volunteer. Even if this is not a Dominant Strategy, it is the decision that would take him to a Dominant Strategy Equilibrium or a Nash Equilibrium. Regardless of the decision of the other players, if the rational player chooses to remain apathic, this might take him to the worst possible result.  

e) The strategy of an individual consists of the moves for every possible scenario. First, the move by an individual can be represented with a bit, this can be either 1 or 0, depending on whether the individual chooses V or A. The decision to choose whether 1 or 0 depends on the previous moves. The number of previous games considered to decide is established by the memory depth. With a memory depth of 2, the previous two moves of all players are considered. This is represented with 2 bits from each of the 3 players. With 6 bits, there are 64 possible scenarios. Therefore, the strategy string of an individual would have 64 bits. Then, we need to add 4 additional bits to the string. The first 2 bits represent the default moves. These will be the moves in the first 2 games when there are not enough memory bits to decide. The last two bits are the memory bits, which will be combined with the memory bits from the other players to select the next move from the strategy string
